Converter_V1.0Public - Instructions

HOW TO USE
1. Click "Browse..." to select your input file
2. Select the target format from the "Convert To" dropdown
3. Click "Convert File" to process
4. Track progress via the progress bar and output log
5. The converted file will be saved in the same folder as the original file

SUPPORTED FORMATS
Input formats can be cross-converted to the following extensions:
txt  - Plain Text
csv  - Comma Separated Values
json - JavaScript Object Notation
md   - Markdown Document
html - HyperText Markup Language
png  - Portable Network Graphics
jpg  - Joint Photographic Experts Group
pdf  - Portable Document Format
bat  - Windows Batch Script

CONVERSION LOGIC EXPLAINED
Text to Data   : Converts TXT/MD/HTML lines into structured CSV columns or JSON objects.
Data to Text   : Flattens CSV rows or JSON properties into readable TXT, Markdown tables, or HTML.
Documents      : Renders text-based files directly into clean paginated PDF documents.
Images         : Converts PNG to JPG (and vice-versa) or renders plain text onto a canvas image.
Automation     : Turns plain text commands into functional Windows .bat scripts.

REQUIREMENTS (only if running from the .cs source file)
If you are running the exe file you do not need any of this
If you are running the raw C# script you will need:

1. Download and install .NET SDK from:
   https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download
   Make sure to select the latest version (net10.0 or higher)

2. Install the required NuGet packages by opening CMD in the project folder and running:
   dotnet add package Markdig
   dotnet add package PdfSharp
   dotnet add package UglyToad.PdfPig

WHAT IS CONVERSION FOR
File conversion is used to change data formatting, make files compatible with 
different software, extract text from PDFs, clean up HTML tags, or prepare raw 
data for analysis. This tool was made to handle all basic format switches locally.

DISCLAIMER
I am not responsible for any misuse of this software. If you use this tool to 
convert corrupted files, bypass document restrictions, or process copyrighted 
material without permission, that is your own decision. This app was made purely 
to help people with daily, legitimate data formatting tasks. Use it responsibly.

VERSION: 1.0 Public
MADE BY: Bartek